README.md, before:

# AI & Machine Learning: From Theory to Practice

Slides and Hands-on exercises for learning applied machine learning workflows.

## Slides
**TO ADD**



## Coding Exercises

Below are the available coding exercises. Each table shows the exercise name and quick links to open in Colab or view the source file in the repository.

### Getting Started
- Click the "Open in Colab" badge to open a notebook in Google Colab.
- Click `Copy to Drive` in Colab to save a personal copy if you want to edit or persist changes.
- Run cells with the Run button ![Button icon](Data/Images/button_image.png) or `Ctrl+Enter`. We recommend running cell-by-cell.
- To focus the last-running cell open the resources panel ![RAM/Disk Icon](Data/Images/resources_image.png) and click the down arrow on the resources info (RAM/Disk) panel.


--- 
### Coding Exercise 1

| Exercise | Links |
|---|---|
| Adult Census Income (simple) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE1/01_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_simple.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE1/01_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_simple.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE1/01_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_simple.py) |
| Adult Census Income (advanced) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE1/02_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_advanced.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE1/02_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_advanced.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE1/02_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_advanced.py) |

--- 

### Coding Exercise 2

| Exercise | Links |
|---|---|
| Adult Census Income Pipeline (simple) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE2/01_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_simple.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE2/01_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_simple.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE2/01_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_simple.py) |
| Adult Census Income Pipeline (advanced) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE2/02_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_advanced.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE2/02_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_advanced.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE2/02_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_advanced.py) |
| Adult Census Income Pipeline (expert) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE2/03_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_expert.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE2/03_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_expert.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE2/03_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_expert.py) |

---

Commit message:

Adding first batch of slides, updating README with links to them

README.md, after:

# AI & Machine Learning: From Theory to Practice

Slides and Hands-on exercises for learning applied machine learning workflows.

## Slides
| Title | Link |
|---|---|
| Breakout Session 1: AI as a Tool | [Data/Slides/Breakout_1__AI_as_a_Tool.pdf](Data/Slides/Breakout_1__AI_as_a_Tool.pdf) |
| Episode 2: The Modern Powerhouses of AI | [Data/Slides/Episode_2__The_Modern_Powerhouses_of_AI.pdf](Data/Slides/Episode_2__The_Modern_Powerhouses_of_AI.pdf) |
| Breakout Session 2: The Hard Questions | [Data/Slides/Breakout_2__The_Hard_Questions.pdf](Data/Slides/Breakout_2__The_Hard_Questions.pdf) |
| Episode 7: Using Pre-Trained AI | [Data/Slides/Episode_7_Using_Pre_Trained_AI.pdf](Data/Slides/Episode_7_Using_Pre_Trained_AI.pdf)

## Coding Exercises

Below are the available coding exercises. Each table shows the exercise name and quick links to open in Colab or view the source file in the repository.

### Getting Started
- Click the "Open in Colab" badge to open a notebook in Google Colab.
- Click `Copy to Drive` in Colab to save a personal copy if you want to edit or persist changes.
- Run cells with the Run button ![Button icon](Data/Images/button_image.png) or `Ctrl+Enter`. We recommend running cell-by-cell.
- To focus the last-running cell open the resources panel ![RAM/Disk Icon](Data/Images/resources_image.png) and click the down arrow on the resources info (RAM/Disk) panel.


--- 
### Coding Exercise 1

| Exercise | Links |
|---|---|
| Adult Census Income (simple) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE1/01_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_simple.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE1/01_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_simple.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE1/01_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_simple.py) |
| Adult Census Income (advanced) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE1/02_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_advanced.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE1/02_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_advanced.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE1/02_ce1_adult_census_income_introduction_advanced.py) |

--- 

### Coding Exercise 2

| Exercise | Links |
|---|---|
| Adult Census Income Pipeline (simple) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE2/01_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_simple.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE2/01_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_simple.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE2/01_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_simple.py) |
| Adult Census Income Pipeline (advanced) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE2/02_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_advanced.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE2/02_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_advanced.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE2/02_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_advanced.py) |
| Adult Census Income Pipeline (expert) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/uoy-research/tfds-course-ai/blob/main/Data/CodingExercises/CE2/03_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_expert.ipynb?copy=true) · [Data/CodingExercises/CE2/03_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_expert.py](Data/CodingExercises/CE2/03_ce2_adult_census_income_pipeline_expert.py) |

---
